I have set up daily notes to come up with #Obsidian whenever I start it up.

### Some things I still need to figure out:
- [x] Task Management / Organization
	- [x] Basic #todo list
	- [x] Separating personal from work from daily from longer term things
- [ ] Templating and shortcuts to create them 
- [x] Adding multimedia such as
	- #twitter , #youtube videos, pictures, and other embed types
- [x] Syncing across spaces
	- [x] Access on laptop and verify
	- [x] Access on phone and verify
	- [x] Access from work comp and verify
- [ ] Organization skills
	- [x] Best practices for setting up Vault folder system, etc.
- [x] Backing up vault
	- [x] Github?

### Why I am switching from #roam 
- Costs are a bit high compared to just #Obsidian + sync
- Not a natural flow for me to share ideas. I don't jump to #roam app on my phone as first thing to jot things down into 
- Does this work without indenting?

#### Testing embedding
- #youtube video
	- <iframe width="1740" height="979" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/W7kTtn9empU" title="Top 10 Obsidian Plugins I Can&#39;t Do Without" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- Tweet
	- 



### [[Lisa]] symptoms since Friday 
- no pain
- Friday night attack
- already went in February 
- slightly jaundiced eyes
- stool discoloration 
- more heartburn, indigestion
- not at all let up since Friday 
- darker urine 2 days

### ER Visit for [[Lisa]] 

At 09:22 pm I am home with the kids and she went with [[Simone]] to the hospital. Earlier we went to Urgent Care nearby, on insistence from [[Ulises]] that we can save money by getting an ultrasound done on her gallbladder there.

It seems like having ultrasound at Urgent Care is rare around here, so we would have had to go to the ER regardless. So we decided to just see what the NP said there. I took the kids to Dick's Sporting Goods while the doctor basically said you should go to the ER asap.

Once [[Lisa]]s family got wind, it was off to the races. And here I sit. Learning #Obsidian , with my two beautiful children sleeping.

 