
#### June 22nd 2023
- [x] Hours
- [x] Send list of things pending to [[Sukurat]]
	- [x] [[Tableau]] request of ownership transfer to [[Lasse]] from [[Jeff Geis]]
	- [x] Check on [[HPL]]
#### June 23rd 2023
- [x] Submit ticket and send 2 requests to [[Sukurat]]
- [x] Make request from #devops to migrate the #five9 data to [[SQL]] server somewhere so that I can pipe it to our [[Data Warehouse]]
	- [x] Open service now ticket for #Five9 call center metrics migration to [[SQL]] server.
- [x] [[HPL]] work requires additional work to get going on [[Qlik]] [[Replicate]]
	- [x] Keep trying different settings, if no good, message [[Todd Barrett]] about it
#### June 27th 2023
- [x] Hours 
#### June 28th 2023
- [x] Call with [[Todd]] about [[Call Center Metrics]]
	- [x] Going to need a firewall
- [x] Check on status of servers for decommissioning
	- [x] Send update to [[Sukurat]] about it
	- [x] Created [[Qlik Server Migration]] project page to organize and take notes
	- [x] Verify that [[RM_Track]] and [[MAS_CCM]] are still blocked by firewall
		- I verified this and they are still blocked
- [x] [[Lasse]] has an issue with something, will look into for him
	- [x] Ask him if it is still broken?
	- [x] Send update to [[Sukurat]] about it
- [x] Respond to [[Chetan]] about server decom status
	- [x] looks like [[RM_Track]] and [[MAS_CCM]] are unblocked
- [x] Look into alternative solutions to the [[Call Center Metrics]] dashboard issue.
	- [x] Just use [[Python]] and [[pandas]] to filter out what's needed for [[David Anim]]
- [x] Be ready to work with [[Todd Barrett]] on the [[Call Center Metrics]] migration
#### July 7th 2023
- [x] Finish security clearance paperwork ✅ 2023-07-07
	- [x] Reach out to Brenda about it ✅ 2023-07-07
#### July 17th 2023
- [x] Respond to [[Ryan]] about it
- [x] Add Ryan Knutsen and Lisa Higgins to [[Tableau]] for [[Lasse]]
- [x] Create tickets for [[Sukurat]]
#### July 20th 2023
- [x] Create Tasks in Asana
	- [x] David New Call Center Automation
	- [x] Ivan New Call Center Automation (David dependent on me)
	- [x] Validated Ideas for Data Warehouse migration
	- [x] Immediate tasks for tableau permissions
- [x] Call [[Brenda]] about being in the system
	- [x] Verify with VA that I am in there
	- [x] Schedule ability to go and get it
- [x] Get fingerprinting done
	- [x] I need an SOI and SON #
	- West Palm Beach VAMC
	- Contact: John Burkett 
	- (561) 422-6270
#### July 21st 2023
- [x] [[SMC]] reporting work
	- [x] Ask if this needs to be done, mention that its not really being maintained
	- [x] Bring Brooke into it possibly?
	- [x] Tanbeer brought up good point I didn't consider.
	- [x] Run old code from Gokul, using SMC, to make it for the following cohorts:
		- [x] Cohort 6 is Mar - Aug 22
		- [x] Cohort 7 is Sept 22 - Feb 23
	- [x] check older work to get additional cohorts
- [x] Create Task: Average time in Interview
- [x] Create Task: Automate Call Center Report
#### July 25th 2023
- [x] Make Notes for New Initiatives with [[VA]]
- [x] hours
#### July 27th 2023
- [x] Fix the Call Center and Update it
	- [x] Connect to SFTP
	- [x] Make sure New files get added
	- [x] Make script to organize into one CSV and run
	- [x] Set it up to run periodically or schedule in calendar
#### August 3rd 2023
- [x] [[Todd]] let me know what is coming down the pipe as far as moving our [[Data Warehouse]] server. We will likely be doing that in the coming weeks.
- [x] Write up Goal 2 procedure for [[Gitlab]]/[[Github]]
#### August 10th 2023
- [x] Do  when it comes in
- [x] Do Call Metrics
- [x] Write email to [[Souvik]]
#### August 21st 2023
- [x] Make microsoft visio ticket in software center
	- [x] cc [[Tanbeer]] about it
- [x] Send task to [[Sukurat]]
	- [x] Server Review and report to Dhanush and Chetan
	- [x] VA Reporting POC Research
#### August 28th 2023
- [x] [[Qlik Server Migration]] 
	- [x] Check to see if the servers are unblocked.
	- [x] Try to update the new servers to latest stable release of [[Replicate]] and [[Compose]]
	- [x] Test how a migration would work on actual job
	- [x] Do 15-30
	- [x] Do 30-45
- [x] Make ticket for JHH being broken.
#### September 5th 2023
- [x] Follow up on Snowflake access ticket
- [x] Send message to [[Dhanush]] about servers
- [x] Set up meeting with [[James]] to verify we are connecting appropriately.
- [x] Access to MS Visio
- [x] Access to VA Lab
#### September 6th 2023
- [x] Change ENT PW
- [x] Access to Snowflake
#### September 13th 2023
- [x] Verify things with [[David]]
	- [x] Lab SQL access
		- Make shortcut
		- input proper setup
	- [x] Stored Procedure Version Control Access
		- install TortoiseSVN
		- add username
		- message James
	- [x] Snowflake Access
		- Verify we can log in
- [x] Sign up for classes with [[Tanbeer]]
#### September 18th 2023
- [x] [[VA POC]] work
	- [x] Look into Finance reporting
	- [x] Finish Bus Matrix
- [x] Confirm Server Information for [[Antonio]]
- [x] Re-Do David's Ticket for [[Snowflake]]
- [x] Update Jira Board with Stuff [[Sukurat]] wants
#### September 20th 2023
- [x] Begin Vicarro Report 
- [x] Update the [[Asana]] and [[Jira]] boards
- [x] Send the Email to [[Ansaf]]
- [x] Review and reply to [[Ansaf]] about security
- [x] Finish Bus Matrix Report
#### September 27th 2023
- [x] Upload the Model to [[Jira]]
- [x] Fix [[JHH]]
- [x] Mention Licence is expiring
#### October 4th 2023
- [x] VA PIV info
- [x] [[Qlik]] licenses 
#### October 5th 2023
- [x] Begin [[Snowflake]] testing
	- [x] Try [[Ficarra Report]] scripting
		- [x] Finish adding all scripts
		- [x] Combine in  
		- [x] Try to upload to Snowflake
		- [x] Add extra test data (david is gonna do it)
		- [x] Visualize
#### October 9th 2023
- [x] Make document for Sukurat for tasks 
	- [x] Split [[Ficarra Report]] into Glucose and BP
#### October 16th 2023
- [x] High disk usage Tableau
- [x] Locked out of [[PulseSecure]]
#### October 24th 2023
- [x] [[Finance Reporting]]
- [x] Create Schema Design and Documentation 
	- [x] Bus Matrix with sprocs
	- [x] Diagram design
	- [x] How reporting works. Are they using sprocs? 
- [x] Get Access to Snowflake and VA Lab
	- [x] Set up 
- [x] Find best practice to transfer between servers
- [x] Understand Finance reporting
	- [x] Get where reports come from, from Kyle 
- [x] Verify that [[Work/Medtronic/People/David|David]] and [[Pragathi]] don't use [[MAS_CCM]] tables
	- [x] Get back to [[Todd]] about it
- [x] Monday meeting, mention RMTrack and MASCCM
- [x] Contract Terminations
- [x] Make [[VA Dataflow Visualization]] for meeting with [[Mallory]]
	- [x] SQL Server -> Snowflake -> Tableau -> Reports
#### October 31st 2023
- [x] Total calls [[Five9]] report for [[THP]] for august and sept /archiv
- [x] Run query for [[Brooke]] for approx number of members with PHI
#### November 6th 2023
- [x] Do [[PDWare]] hours
- [x] Do [[Client Termination]] reordering
	- [x] Send list to [[Todd]] for removal 
- [x] Make weekly meeting with me, james, david, allison and tanbeer optional
	- [x] Set this for tuesday afternoon
- [x] Do regular hours
#### November 15th 2023
- [x] Deliver [[Philips Zero Consumable Matching]] list to [[James Rempp]] 
#### November 28th 2023
- [x] Hours and [[PDWare]]
- [x] Do scaffolding for [[Philips Zero Consumable Matching]] and [[Baxter]] prep
#### December 11th 2023
- [x] [[OEM Tracing Project]] 
- [x] [[Ficarra Report]]
	- [x] Make BP Report
	- [x] Upload to Snowflake
	- [x] Add dummy data
	- [x] Visualize?
	- [x] Pythonize the pandas into script 
- [x] [[Vital Report]] 
	- [x] Run similar on Dev/QA
	- [x] Do in SQL Server then attempt Pythonize
	- [x] Will be Monthly pull
	- [x] Other Things to figure out:
		- [x] Destination?
		- [x] Format?
		- [x] DataViz Integration
	- [x] Mood, Pain, and ??? potential adds
- [x] [[Socket Tracing]]
	- [x] Add Files
	- [x] Have basic documentation for [[Mindray]] and general [[Fuzzy Matching]]
	- [x] Connect Jupyter Notebook
- [x] [[VA POC]] 
	- [x] Get Access to 
	- [x] Look at what QA Has
	- [x] Get SQL reports from Kyle
	- [x] Look into extraction tools tradeoffs/pro/cons of Informatica, dbt, redshift, etc
	- [x] Scope
		- [x] Get data
		- [x] Put in snowflake
		- [x] See in snowflake
		- [x] Export data to Tableau or Power BI whatever 
#### December 18th 2023
- [x] [[Socket Tracing]] [[Alteryx]] integration
	- [x] Philips microstream consumables
#### December 19th 2023
- [x] Check off the Client Terminations through this end of year
	- [x] Replicate Stopped
		- WRC, STV, LEG, CHR, SJS, TEL, MCL, KCK, VHC, ENG, WAL, GLH, DAY, HSL, MSC, WCT, RES, RVM, DIG, ROC, SRS
- [x] Hours and PDWare
#### January 2nd 2024
- [x] Try to match format for philips 
- [x] Fix sftp location account, contact [[Steeber]] about it, or try [[Dhanush]] tomorrow
- [x] Meet with Pragathi about biometric reports
- [x] Send results to Allison
#### January 9th 2024
- [x] Do Hours and PDWare
- [x] Verify Biometrics Reports uploaded
- [x] Run Quarterly Report
- [x] Stop Mirth Biometric Jobs
#### January 10th 2024
- [x] Ask Chetan for help on restoring servers 
- [x] Respond to James and Allison
#### January 16th 2024
- [x] [[Philips Alteryx Integration]]
- [x] Bring up Philips Match and get some basic metrics for it
	- [x] Figure out how to upload 
- [x] Add second process for human matching
	- [x] Do a review yourself
- [x] Re-do philips match without quantity columns, add wrong zip, etc
#### January 17th 2024
- [x] timesheet
- [x] Make the ticket and reach out to chetan
	- [x] # IMS1345389 
#### January 18th 2024
- [x] Refactor [[Alteryx]] files to be sensible
- [x] Prep for meeting with Watsa
- [x] Get analytics_landing job from compose servers
#### January 22nd 2024
- [x] Add nov and dec for HPL call metrics
- [x] Use Qlik Cli to make a backup
#### January 23rd 2024
- [x] Sign up for fingerprint thing 
- [x] Make general [[Socket Tracing]] tasking outline for next quarter for [[Sukurat]]
- [x] Create some kind of Crosstab-Key, with matches and counts
- [x] hours
#### January 31st 2024
- [x] Create ticket and notifty Todd about recreating Analytics_DW2 
- [x] Upload human verified list for [[Philips Alteryx Integration]]
	- [x] Send Email to everyone on Friday
	- [x] Create Filters for Each Field Possible
- [x] Re-run the Philips stuff with new flow
	- [x] 2 passes, one with sales and one with sales with cust data
	- [x] Have higher standards for cutoffs
#### February 1st 2024
- [x] [[Philips Consumables]] v3
	- [x] Do Allison method of with sales
	- [x] Create Sales Master List
	- [x] Have high bar, then do Second Pass with general List
	- [x] Test Monthly Update File to see changes
	- [x] Generalize the fuzzy match function
	- [x] Get Baseline Point for Demarcation
	- [x] Filter and Produce Both Lists
	- [x] Combine the Matched ones for James
	- [x] Go through the Unmatched and be ready for meeting 
#### February 12th 2024
- [x] Do First Pass on Unmatched in [[Philips Consumables]]
	- [x] Metrics
		- [x] Think about hospital + childrens hospital issue
			- [x] Merge in some way
		- [x] Number of unmatched lowered preliminary (percentage and raw)
		- [x] Number of improvements to consumables matching (percentage and raw)
		- [x] Number of new matches with monthly file (percentage and raw number)
- [x] Go over the call center stuff 
- [x] Get James the 3 files
	- [x] Master File with both addresses (full?)
	- [x] Updated Matched file
	- [x] Location of unmatched files WIP
#### February 14th 2024
- [x] Email [[Cassandra]] about [[Five9 VA New Setups and Non-Responder]]
#### February 15th 2024
- [x] Do Philips work
	- [x] Try new file to see impact
	- [x] Combine them all 
	- [x] Alteryx integration
- [x] Cancel CNC jobs
- [x] Create report to show effect of october, november, december [[Philips]] conusmables info
- [x] Investigate error from [[James]]
#### February 16th 2024
- [x] Qlik Clients 
	- [x] HPL
	- [x] UCR
	- [x] NMC
	- [x] UCS
	- [x] PCA
	- [x] BST
	- [x] PHS
	- [x] SMC
	- [x] STJ
	- [x] ESS
#### February 19th 2024
- [x] [[Commercial Wind-Down]] 
	- [x] Schema design and documentation
		- [x] Tables, Views, and Sprocs
	- [x] Diagram design
	- [x] Reporting using sprocs
#### February 20th 2024
- [x] Create more baselines for umatched, figure out which ones are in unmatched repo, and have completely unmatched as separate
	- [x] Crosstab with all permutations and color 
- [x] Fix the [[MAS_CCM]] and [[RM_Track]] thing in production
- [x] Philips Consumables Monthly File Flow
	- [x] Clean and organize file (function), save with filter and raw version
	- [x] Fuzzy Match
- [x] Ask Allison for December consumables
#### February 21st 2024
- [x] Make the diagram for the presentation for data -> matching -> reporting
	- [x] Make it light mode, add logos etc
	- [x] Add extra buisness logic piece 
- [x] Send meeting out for 3pm thursday
#### February 28th 2024
- [x] [[Philips Consumables]] 
	- [x] Add year data to Unmatched 
	- [x] What to do with warehouse?
	- [x] Override ID
	- [x] Medtronic SAP -> have a useID for when customer has issue, ie blocked
#### February 29th 2024
- [x] [[Philips Consumables]]
	- [x] Do 2020-2022 for major accounts
	- [x] Come up with reporting metric and show results
#### March 7th 2024
- [x] Write email to todd hansen about rpt04 
- [x] Verify and reply to [[Todd]] about rpt03
- [x] Get [[Five9 VA New Setups and Non-Responder]] data to [[Work/Medtronic/People/David|David]] 
- [x] Do questions for [[Tanbeer]] about sql
#### March 19th 2024
- [x] PTO CC and send message to everyone as OOO for those days
	- [x] Alison James etc
- [x] Send message to [[Jing]] about which [[BIS]] and [[Invos]] tasks I can work on
#### March 20th 2024
- [x] Go through todd list of server errors
- [x] [[Five9 VA New Setups and Non-Responder]]
	- [x] Get Five9 Data and Send to [[Work/Medtronic/People/David|David]]
	- [x] Get SiteID and MemberID and merge it.
#### March 29th 2024
- [x] Come up with questions 
- [x] [[Philips Consumables]] 
	- [x] Create High, Medium, Low Impact Classification
	- [x] Do Mid Level for years
		- [x] 2022
		- [x] 2021
		- [x] 2020
	- [x] Create filler info for Low and Mid Codes (1s, 5s, and 7s)
	- [x] If needed, generalize their "MDT Name"
	- [x] Drop the No Match rows in Consumables
	- [x] Create List of High-Medium Impact Mismatch to Bring to Sales, for now removed 
	- [x] Make Pipeline for new File with Comments
		- [x] Filter what shows in the matched, unmatched, and then new accounts
- [x] Do Invos and Nellcor as well 
- [x] Go through [[BIS]] files and match to customer master in ES to see what we get
	- [x] Mindray, Draeger, GE, and Philips
- [x] Consolidate [[Data Warehouse]] 
#### April 2nd 2024
- [x] Fix my time off thing in outlook
- [x] Do hours
#### April 11th 2024
- [x] Client Terminations
- [x] Hours
#### April 12th 2024
- [x] Cornerstone Training
- [x] [[Data Warehouse]]
	- [x] Find out when clients terminate so we can stop using Qlik services
	- [x] What can we do to migrate RMTrack to move somewhere else? 
- [x] Buglist confirmation 
- [x] Set meeting and meet with James today and wednesday 
	- [x] [[Socket Tracing Knowledge Transfer]] update 
- [x] Organize MITG in DBeaver with relevant tables
- [x] With Allison
	- [x] Confirm whether source tables have intermediary before ES, or just source and then going to ES 
- [x] Ask Bender about the FTP reports for [[Five9 VA New Setups and Non-Responder]]
- [x] Socket Tracing alt tasks (friday)
- [x] New Setups 
- [x] Cornerstone training
#### April 29th 2024
- [x] Edit the [[Master Customer File]] with [[Draeger]] stuff 
- [x] Begin the [[Nihon-Kohden]] loop
- [x] [[Draeger]] [[Jamesfile]] transfer 
- [x] [[Draeger]] Master file drop in
- [x] Hours
- [x] PIV stuff
#### April 30th 2024
- [x] Hours
- [x] [[Philips Consumables]] work
	- [x] Customer Typ Fix
	- [x] Also see what the error was with matching on Name and overriding
	- [x] Add Jan and Feb through flow
#### May 6th 2024
- [x] Do [[Stryker]] Matching
	- Does not appear to have hardware 
	- They only have: State, Product, (No Address or Zip, or date)
- [x] Do [[Zoll]] matching
	- [x] Does not appear to have hardware
	- [x] Complete consumable part
- [x] Do [[GE Carescape]] Matching
- [x] Do [[RDT]] Matching 
	- [x] Has some hardware under "Tempus Pro" and [[Tzahi]] gave me the relevant translation info
#### May 7th 2024
- [x] Requirement document
	- [x] Choose the 200 customers
	- [x] Matching Side
	- [x] Dashboard Side
	- [x] QA criteria 
- [x] Long term storage conversation
- [x] Decommission NKC
- [x] Hours
#### June 3rd 2024
- [x] Change to Monday Wednesday meetings
- [x] hours 
#### June 5th 2024
- [x] Allison will give me the alternate source to match from 
#### July 11th 2024
- [x] Summary of just impact and outcomes for [[Tanbeer]]
- [x] Apply to Entire Dataset 
- [x] Follow up with Stephanie about Security Clearance
- [x] Go over cloud thing from [[Ohio]]
- [x] Bullet points for [[Tanbeer]]
#### July 24th 2024
- [x] Send email to the Todds with everyone CC'd
- [x] Send [[Tanbeer]] email with bullet points of customer updates 
#### August 26th 2024
- [x] Inform [[Tanbeer]] about [[Data Analytics Meeting]] with regards to [[VA]]
	- [x] Send out email with the 3 things I remember
		- [x] Clinical stuff for [[Mallory]]
		- [x] The stuff that [[Work/Medtronic/People/David|David]] does for VA David
		- [x] The stuff that [[Lasse]] in finance wanted automated 
- [x] Ask [[Allison]] specifically about the information shes working on on the side as per [[Jing]]
- [x] Update signature to be Acute Care & Monitoring | MCMS
- [x] Write Letter for raise
#### September 4th 2024
- [x] Get Tableau Working
- [x] Training Past Due
#### September 11th 2024
- [x] Populate BIS Invos with missing data 
- [x] Upload empty columns to it
- [x] Create basic documentation for BIS INVOS Fields
- [x] Organize Planner Stuff
- [x] Get last updated and latest files
- [x] Get some new accounts in
- [x] Add Draeger to database
- [x] Create presentation for our use cases with snowflake and snowpark
	- [x] Source control
	- [x] snapshot and backups
	- [x] Updating procedure from multiple sources
	- [x] Dealing with dimensional creep over time
	- [x] Reference tables changing
	- [x] Diffi
- [x] Get claude AI working
#### September 19th 2024
- [x] Work for Cloud architecture
	- [x] compare snowpark vs lambda vs sagemaker, etc
	- [x] compare and contrast different technologies
- [x] QBR related [[Socket Tracing]] items
	- [x] Add customers (aim for 1500)
		- [x] ALTERNATE: %age of install base
	- [x] Total OEM sockets by OEM partner ([[Mindray]], [[Baxter]], [[Philips]]), then by standalone monitors on same account
	- [x] Current avg consumable quantity per socket per year (Value of a Socket aka VoaS)
	- [x] Take out accounts with beds/sedation of 0, military and childrens?
	- [x] 5) We only have fixed sedation procedure data, for 2022 I think? we can do assumption that its fixed per year
	- [x] 6) how far back can we go? Its 7 years rolling. 
- [x] Create ticket for Alex 
	- [x] Get as much information as you can about [[Mirth]] server
	- [x] Update Jennifer when you do this
#### September 24th 2024
- [x] Get ok from alex or todd for octopus stuff
- [x] Do HPL Metrics 
#### September 26th 2024
- [x] Give [[Sukurat]] update on script 
- [x] Hours
- [x] [[QBR]] updates
#### September 30th 2024
- [x] Create update for meeting
- [x] Write script for [[VA Work]] on Friday/over weekend 
- [x] Create task planner for [[MCMS]] activities
#### October 4th 2024
- [x] reconcile [[IDN]]
	- [x] TODO
		- [x] START WITH 4 ACCOUNTS
			- [x] STANFORD, ATLANTIC, YALE, INTERMOUNTAIN
	- [x] TODO
		- [x] Likely need source (where that info came from) as well as cust_id
		- [x] [[IDN]] level: needs to be idn number, applied to all mids and cust_ids
#### October 11th 2024
- [x] Look for other prime IDN accounts
- [x] Add clients 
#### October 16th 2024
- [x] Show functionality in [[Knime]] 
- [x] Refactor into Components 
- [x] Create [[ACM Master DB]] template and mapping
- [x] Update task planner
	- [x] Audit (account update list) by tuesday the 15th
#### November 1st 2024
- [x] investigate issues and highlight 
- [x] make report
#### November 15th 2024
- [x] Writeup for [[Snowflake]] people 
	- [x] what tables in which schema are being used
	- [x] MITG, Global Main, others
	- [x] use Alteryx as a reference
- [x] do [[Zoll]] work
	- [x] US first
	- [x] Infer Dates from Filename, set mid month
	- [x] Do fuzzy match
	- [x] categorize hardware, ask james for matching file if needed
- [x] Updates for tomorrow
	- [x] Push Full certification list for Microstream
	- [x] Find BIS hardware in direct sales
		- [x] needs to be zcb50
	- [x] Fix various bugs in data 
- [x] Find what tables are used and what schema
	- [x] Glbl Main
	- [x] ES_MITG_COMMERCIAL_MAIN
- [x] Things not in global main
	- [x] rep alignment
	- [x] explore space stuff
		- [x] we want a snowflake to hold this data, like in explore space
		- [x] nobody is doing these
- [x] Do [[Mallory]] work