
### Honky Tonk

#### [[Progress]] Day 23: Begin

The bean bag floated towards the board in a perfect arc.  [[MC]] could only look on and try to jinx it with a look (not that he believed in that stuff, but competition did weird things to you).  It hadn't been a bad set by him and uncle [[Rod]], but [[George]] and his dad were no joke.  They had managed to skunk them in the first game. That had been lucky. But they were making a big rally. They had won the second game, and it was 18-20 them at the moment.

George's dad had honestly thrown this one perfectly. It landed and started sliding towards the hole, with them about to win.  However, it took a weird turn that sometimes happened and somehow missed and slid off the board. Phew.  They had one more chance. He could smell the popcorn and cotton candy in the air. That meant funnel cakes couldn't be too far off. He forgot which food truck sold those.  But it was time to focus.  They were using San Antonio rules, they called it, so each team would rotate turn order between rounds.  

He wasn't sure why he had forgotten all about the honky tonk.  I mean, who could forget the seventeenth annual [[Texas Twang and Thrill]], held in the one and only [[League City]], Texas.  When he had gotten home, uncle [[Rod]] had just looked up from his latest contraption he was tinkering with. An old watch, I think.  [[Rod]] loved fixing old things, even if he wasn't familiar with them. Said it helped keep his mind sharp.  Anyway he had just looked at [[MC]] with the stern face of "Please tell me you didn't forget?" that is only reserved for adolescents or forgetful marriage partners.

Shit. Of course he had forgotten until just now. He had been so excited to just relax and do his own thing tomorrow. No homework! A long weekend. The dream. But he and [[Rod]] had signed up for that cornhole tournament months ago, and been practicing a lot, or as much as one can practice amateur cornhole (one or twice a month at the local parks). And it was truly one of the few activities that both of them did that wasn't typically nerdy or homebody-adjacent, so they both kind of brought their A game for the other, as a way to keep them both doing something moderately social.  It had been a rough couple of years since aunt [[Ruby]]...

Anyway, this was the big day. What they had prepped for. It was coming close to noon, and most of the tournament had already been played. They had won their first couple matches against casuals, and were now in round 4 against the more "serious" players.  [[George]] and his dad weren't regulars, but he definitely knew from growing up with [[George]] as a friend that they played a lot at their house with family and at get togethers. If him and [[Rod]] could close this out,  they were in the finals.  Time to focus.

He was so hungry though. He didn't really care for food all that much, but made exception for certain favorites, like the legendary funnel cake that one truck made here. You'd think if it  was legendary he'd at least remember the name, but alas.  [[George]] stepped up first.  First one went right in the hole.  The second and third landed safely on the board. And the fourth...looked like it was going to slide right in but careened off at the last second off the board.  Okay, 5. Easy. He just needed to make two in and that was that.

#### [[Progress]] Day 23 End: 600 words

---

#### [[Progress]] Day 24:

He lined up in his practiced stance: left foot forward, right leg slightly bent, go through a phantom motion or two. Visualize the bag going in the hole.  Here goes.  First shot.....just short of the hole, but on the board.  Okay, he could use that later.  Second shot. Breathe. Here we go....Mid shot his focus went to slightly off to the side, in the small crowd watching.  It was [[LI]].  Why was she there?  And...what? [[Rubin]] was next to her.  They seemed to be doing that thing where they're having a conversation, but they are not looking at each other, but instead standing next to each other, focused on some other mysterious third thing. At the moment, as far as [[MC]] could tell, that was him. Playing cornhole. During his shot.

It was enough of a break in concentration that it altered his shot just so slightly, as always seems to happen when it matters most to precisely *not* to do that. It was clearly going to overshoot the Hole-In he was going for, but by how much? It reached the apex of his arc and began coming down.  [[MC]] wished he could make out what [[LI]] and [[Rubin]] were talking about, or even remember how or why they knew each other? It all seemed kind of foggy all of the sudden. 

Down it came, with that soft recognizable plop.  Definitely an overshoot. It rested casually on the upper edge of the hole, taunting him. That one would be hard to get in, but at least it was on the board as insurance (on the board counts as one point).  Alright, bags on the board on either side of the hole now.  Let's end this now.  Time to go for a slide to get both of them in.

He changed his swing to the one he used for slides.  Still left foot forward, right leg slightly bent, but he angled his arm and swing in a way so as to mimic something more like skipping rocks or a tennis swing.  Still mostly vertical, but it had a horizontal component to it now rather than almost a straight 90 up and down.  Breathe.  Focus.  This was it.  Time to end it.  Two ghost motions.  You got this.  Here goes...

The bag spun wildly and looked like it was going to land just short of the board and [[George]] and his dad would win it cleanly.  But at the last moment it took a fortunate roll and just made the beginning part of the cornhole board.  It slid upwards, perfectly centered, and conked the bag  that was in front of the hole right in.  It then hung right on the edge, teetering, doing its best will-they-won't-they act, before finally (after what seemed like an eternity) dropped right in the hole.  Hell yes! Two in means six points.  Net scoring means [[George]]s 5 and [[MC]]s 6 leaves +1, enough to hit the goal of 21.  Why 21? No one knows, but that was that. They were in the finals.

#### [[Progress]] End Day 24: 500 words
---

#### [[Progress]] Day 26: Begin

Uncle [[Rod]] ran over to give me a quick hug.  "Nice job, kiddo."  George waited until it was over to shake my hand into an awkward half bro-hug "GG man, we almost had you!". His dad also gave me a firm grip and a dad nod to end the formalities.  He checked his watch. They had about 15 minutes to go before the finals started.  Crap, not enough time to eat. Man, he was hungry.  No funnel cake for now.  Alright.  [[Rod]] said "lets go see who we face in the finals, hopefully it's not those Hickscombe kids....they always run circles around us."

As they were walking to the little pop-up table where signups and results and stuff were for the cornhole games, they were intercepted by [[LI]] and [[Rubin]].  "Nice slide at the end there" she said. "Almost as good as mine."  What did that mean? Wait...did she play? It was news to [[MC]] if that was the case.  "Yeah kid, not bad. It'll be interesting to see what happens." [[Rubin]] chimed in.  "Yeah thanks. We're gonna go see who we face in the finals. Come with us.".  They exchanged a look that [[MC]] didn't understand. What was going on? Anyway, as a foursome they went up to the desk, only for the lady to say "Great! You guys are all here! Wanna start early? The crowd can build up as you guys get set up, we'll use the megaphone to hype it up."

[[MC]]s heart skipped a beat as the realization dawned on him.  "No way!" he said with a grin "It's you guys!? I didn't even know you play."  [[LI]] exchanged yet another weird pseudolook with [[Rubin]] and said "Awesome. That means we have the upper hand. I watched you guys that entire time, but you have no idea what we're about."  [[MC]] grinned wider. Cool, challenge accepted, the only thing he needed answered was... "Alrighty lets do it, but um...how do you guys know each other?"  [[LI]] was returning the grin until he said that. She was trying to hide it, but he saw that for a split second her eyes widened and her mouth uncontrollably twitched.  Panic?  "Uh...[[Rubin]] is a uh...." she stammered.

"A family friend." he finished. "We've known each other a long time. Less as cornhole teammates, but enough to destroy you guys no problem."  Uncle [[Rod]] just said "Well I'm glad you all know each other, Hi, I'm [[Rod]]..."  [[MC]] kind of zoned out while they exchanged pleasantries and got to know each other a bit. What the hell? How would [[Rubin]] even have time to ever practice, with always being at the shop. [[MC]] could swear that the guy slept there, if he didn't know any better. He opened and closed, and all the other employees were part time kids his age that just wanted a discount on merch for the most part.

Had he known this and just forgotten? It feels like [[Rubin]] would have brought cornhole up in one of their many, many conversations they've had at the shop over the years.  Not to mention knowing [[LI]].  Plus, she was def into nerdy stuff, why was she never at the shop? Why had she never mentioned her cool "family friend" [[Rubin]] before when they had hung out [[MC]] got a very strong deja-vu feeling all of the sudden. Oh well, it was time to focus. Everyone got through the pleasantries, got everything settled up with the tournament organizer lady, and they started heading towards the championship boards.  A megaphone suddenly started announcing them over the din of country music and the animal noises from the nearby petting zoo (including child screams and laughter).  At some point, [[LI]] and [[Rubin]] magically had bags in their hands.  Nice ones too. Synthetic, nice two tone colors. [[LI]] had black and red, [[Rubin]] aqua and black.

"I hope you guys are ready, I won't be taking it easy on some girl and her comic book nerd 'family friend'."  That seemed to have struck a nerve. He could see the competitiveness he knew [[LI]] had from being in school and watching her interact with others throughout the years. It was something to be reckoned with, although [[MC]] had been fortunate enough to have never had it turned on him. Until today. He actually found it kind of attra....he shook his head quickly side to side.  Focus, man!  Uncle [[Rod]] gave him a "you alright?" look. It kinda had a smirk too like he know what [[MC]] had  been thinking,  but [[Rod]] was not the type to rub that kinda stuff in. He wasn't that kind of uncle. At least, not for this. Heaven forbid he ever mispronounced a word, or misapplied some physics application in real life. It was a worthwhile trade-off.  [[Rod]] took [[MC]]s look as acknowledgement as he turned off towards where he and [[Rubin]] would square off, while him and [[LI]] went to the other one.

"Ladies first.." [[MC]] said, in a way that sounded more sarcastic than he had meant it to.  [[LI]] seemed to ignore it and be in the zone.  She was already looking downfield at her target.  She stepped up, and what transpired next was nothing short of mesmerizing.   One, two, three, and four.  It was already over before [[MC]] could even blink. 

[[LI]] effortlessly did 4 hole-in's in a row, like clockwork, without even missing a beat. This was known as a four-bagger.  Good players could do this every once in a while. Great players, did it like it was a bodily function.  Something on the order of making four free throws in basketball in a row, as swishes.  [[MC]] himself got the occasionally, say 5-10% of the time on a good day, but never like that. She turned to him and gave him a knowing look. The ultimate flex. There wasn't even a need to say anything. What could be said? He was in the process of getting destroyed. All that was left was to try and mitigate the damage, and hope that [[Rod]] could have better luck on the other side with [[Rubin]].

He took a deep breath and stepped up for his turn.  Sure it was demoralizing to be down so quickly, but this was his time to make it not sting as much.  He put his everything into these 4 tosses, and somehow managed to hole 3 of them (though not swishes like she had done), and the fourth landed on the board.  Normally, this was basically at the top end of what he was capable of, and enough to go toe-to-toe with basically anyone he's ever played locally, around this basic skill level.  This town didn't have any pros in it.  Until now, maybe. Anyway, that brought down her 12 possible points down to a manageable 3. Not the end of the world.  It was time to see what [[Rod]] and [[Rubin]] had going on.

[[Rubin]] was, thank goodness, veritably awful.  [[MC]] wasn't sure what to expect, but during his turn he had barely gotten any of the bags even near the board, let alone on it.  At this point [[Rod]], confused, went up and was able to go two-in-two-on-board (called a 2n2), netting us 8!  Okay. This was alright. They could do this.  The first game had a couple more minor twists and turns in it, but largely played out this way for a few more rounds, with [[MC]] fighting for his life against [[LI]], who continued to either swish or fall off the board with nothing in-between. And on the other side of the boards we had [[Rubin]] who had actually improved upon his debut and was managing to get several tosses on the board now, at least, though he hadn't had any go in, and likely wouldn't.

#### [[Progress]] Day 26 End: 1300 words
---
#### Progress Day 27 Begin

If this kept up, and [[MC]] was pretty sure he could cling on, then [[Rod]] could do all the work and they could seal these games up no problem.  How did they even make it to the finals, though? [[LI]] was great, but you can't carry a team this way with someone who can't even make it onto the board most of the time.  Sure this was a casual amateur tournament in a nowhere town, but you needed a little more skill than that to win.  As he pondered this in-between turns, the score for the first game was 20-14. If he could hold [[LI]] off one more time, then [[Rod]] could take them to the promise land, in this game and then the next. 

[[LI]] went up and, like clockwork, swished another 4.  Good grief.  Okay [[MC]] told himself, *ganbatte* time.  He put his all into these.  He managed to only get one in, but the other 3 did end up on the board.  Okay, only 6, phew.  That means 20-20.  [[Rod]] could easily get that last point and onto the next game we go.  [[Rubin]] does his turn, and airmails a couple before getting one on the board.  [[MC]] had never seen uncle [[Rod]] lose a game in a scenario anything close to this. And sure enough, he threw his first bag and slid it right into the hole.  That was it! They had won 22-20.  [[MC]] tried to play it off like it was never close, but man, obviously it was.  [[LI]] only did a little shrug "Almost! Onto the next, then?".  [[MC]] nodded.  Both pairs would switch sides and then go, with [[Rod]] and [[Rubin]] starting this next round off.

[[Rod]] went first.  First shot barely slid off the front, but he managed to make the next two, and got the last one on the board.  Wow nice. That would probably be an easy 6-7 points as soon as [[Rubin]] did his "turn".  I mean honestly, what the hell? It's like he'd never played the game before, and only vaguely understood the rules.  [[MC]] was growing more confident, moment by moment. He could hold [[LI]] off even easier, by going first on their rounds, too. This would be a cinch.  [[Rubin]] went up to the line with his nice custom bags (again, where the hell did he get those if he didn't even know how to play?) and....wait.  This was different. He looked up at the board, and then, while looking straight at [[MC]], switched his stance so that his other foot was forward, and then moved the bag to be thrown from his right to his left hand.  With a smirk on the entire time, [[Rubin]] proceeded to slowly, and I mean slowly, take his time with swinging motions every time, and then do a perfectly released throw, swishing all four shots like it was nothing.  [[MC]] realized that his mouth was literally open, like he had only seen in the movies, and promptly closed it.

He was handicapping himself this whole time.  [[MC]] looked over at [[LI]], who obviously seemed to know this was coming, and sort of gave [[MC]] an apologizing look, like she didn't approve of the antics.  [[Rod]] himself couldn't help but smile and nod as he went up and took his turn. He appreciated a good showman as much as anyone, and was known for similar himself.  Maybe every man does once he gets up to a certain age and has certain things he's achieved proficiency at over the years.  Now it was [[Rod]]s turn to fight just to mitigate points for the other team by [[Rubin]]  But ultimately, what transpired was nothing short of a trouncing.  Every round was basically the same.  [[LI]] and [[Rubin]] were nearly perfect, occasionally missing one of their four bags, while still having it land on the board, while [[MC]] played well or even was having an above average day, only to have all of his points cancelled out by [[LI]] and then some.  They ended up losing the second game 21-2.  Unbelievable.

The third game started out slightly better, with [[MC]] and [[Rod]] getting out to a 3-0 lead the first round. Alright, they could do this.  Only for that to be the only points they got for the rest of the game.  [[LI]] and [[Rubin]] literally didn't miss another shot, or at least that's what it seemed like.  [[MC]] considered if he was in some kind of mild shock. It wasn't every day people you knew surprised you like this.  Like [[Rod]], he could appreciate a good show as well, even if it was kind of at his expense.  He found himself thumbing his pendant while pondering his feelings (and getting destroyed) between turns.  He was in the middle of one of these as [[LI]] sank the last swish that put them over 21, which brought him out of the reverie.  Darn, he thought he would at least get to go one last time, and go out swinging, as it were. So it goes.  "Good game" he said to [[LI]], with a smile.  She smiled back and playfully did that cleaning-the-dirt-off-your-hands-by-slapping-them thing. "Sorry a out [[Rubin]], he loves his dramatic flairs.  But, I think you're familiar with those?"

"Haha yeah" said [[MC]].  Of course he did. He still couldn't quite shake that she and [[Rubin]] knew each other. It feels like it would have come up somewhere, at some point.  He got that deja vu feeling again, and realized he had his hand on the pendant again.  Man, why did he keep doing that.  [[MC]] tried to self assess. He did miss aunt [[Ruby]], I guess. And....he was....hungry? This wasn't helpful.  Anyway as [[LI]] and [[MC]] walked to join [[Rubin]] and [[Rod]], who were laughing with each other about something or other in the way only middle age men kind of did with each other but made everyone else either cringe or roll their eyes.  "Ah well, we'll get em next year." said [[Rod]] to [[MC]], putting his arm around him.  "Yeah..." he agreed, humoring him.  There was no way they were ever winning another tournament if these two also entered, but one can dream.

They went through all the rigmarole of going back to the table with the TO, giving the results. It seemed like the lady wanted to make a big deal out of the winning, they even had those lame 1st 2nd 3rd place pedastal things, and medals, but [[LI]] just shook her head before the lady could even begin to suggest it, and repeated the gesture on the second and third insistance.  [[Rubin]] said "We'll just take the prize, thanks." after the third one. 
"Alright, y'all." said the lady with an exasperated sigh "Here ya go...a $200 gift certificate to [[Outback Steakhouse]].  It's good for the next year. I'm at least gonna have Juthro say ya'll won on the megaphone..." everyone just kinda went along with that, mostly tuning her out as they walked away as a foursome.

[[Rubin]] looked down at the certificate. He looked at [[LI]], then at us.  "Well...we have this...how about we use it?" It was a nice invitation.  Uncle [[Rod]] got a kind of wincing look almost right away. "Aww...nah you enjoy it, ya won it fair and square. We appreciate the offer." He looked at [[MC]] for support.  Uncle [[Rod]] was always getting invited to stuff and turning it down, part his being a homebody, and the other part just southern gentlemanly-ness or something, as far as he could tell. "Actually that sounds great, I'm starving."  [[Rod]]s look soured. [[MC]] knew he'd pay for this one.  It's what aunt [[Ruby]] would want. He'd make sure to play that card with [[Rod]] later.  The [[Outback Steakhouse]] in town was a solid 20 min drive to the outlet mall, in-between a [[JC Penny]] and a [[TJ Maxx]] or something, [[MC]] thought. All those stores seemed the same to him, even though he imagined they were different to someone who actually shopped at either one or both. The world was nuanced like that.

#### [[Progress]] Day 27 End 1400 words

---

#### [[Progress]] Day 28 Begin

The figured out the best way to make it happen was to go in separate cars and meet there. They all walked to the parking lot together and on the way they ran into [[George]] and his dad, guess they were on their way out too. [[Rubin]] took the opportunity to invite them too, and seemed like they didn't have anything to do so it was gonna be the 6 of us now.  As [[MC]] and [[Rod]] got into the car for their part of the drive, [[MC]] started to prep the line of dialogue he had earlier, just in case [[Rod]] felt like he particularly should pay for dragging him into this.  It was fine, though.  An uneventful trip: [[Rod]] just talked about the game and how impressed he had been with [[Rubin]] and [[LI]], how [[MC]] knew them, etc.

[[MC]] felt that [[Rubin]] and uncle [[Rod]] would get along swimmingly once they realized they had a lot of the same interests, and even from what [[MC]] could gather, similar outlooks on life and approaches to teaching people things.  At least, he felt, that [[Rod]] and [[Rubin]] were the two people he learned the most from, not just in quantity of information and useful things, but also they just had a way of knowing the best way for [[MC]] to take in that particular information, too.

As they drove into the mall parking lot (the restaurant had an external entrance from the outside, and one into the mall, as these restaurants tended to do, and the stores it was squeezed between were actually [[JC Penny]] and [[Burlington Coat Factory]], not [[TJ Maxx]].  [[MC]] liked remembering that stuff so he made a mental note of it). The conversation migrated on to talking about what movie they should watch that night. So far it seemed to be a three way tie between [[Gattaca]], [[Robocop]], and [[28 Days Later]].  Three outright bangers, it seemed like they couldn't go wrong, but it was fun to debate the merits while they walked to go eat.  [[MC]]s stomach grumbled once again. So maybe no funnel cake today, and some slices of a giant deep fried onion would make do.

---
### The Mall


The host's body, previously known as [[Jeff]], climbed up to the roof of the mall with ease.  [[x8]] begrudgingly admitted that having this human navigate their own world had distinct advantages that it previously was not taking into account.  It was able to follow the Pulls, while still able to formulate it's plan of attack, and letting the Host body mostly do all the work of transporting them there simultaneously.  [[x8]] observed as [[Jeff]] maneuvered effortlessly through this backward planet, full of primitive and needlessly confusing systems.

As it looked around, [[x8]]s host found what it was looking for, and headed towards it.  The antenna tower would be the primary relay for the communication systems used in the immediate vicinity.  [[x8]] knew through [[Jeff]] that these were used to transmit both urgent and non-urgent communications, and amplified outward towards other receiving stations. Cellular, they call it. Cellular network. [[x8]] found this confusing as they already used the root of that word to denote something completely different: their interpretation of biological structures, however he surmised in their language the same root could have multiple meanings.  The host [[Jeff]] had many strengths and was very knowledgable about certain things, but this he did not know. It was also not in the [[Lexicon]] under that specific meaning.

[[x8]] calculated that removing this station would increase it's chance of success in obtaining the Objective by a significant margin.  Any resistance it could incur that was not already on site, such as those humans who were able to be summoned through the cellular network in event of emergencies, would be delayed.  It would not be that much of a deterrent either way, however [[x8]] would rather not deal with such nuisances if it could be at all avoided.  Pull.

As [[Jeff]] deftly disabled the antenna (he had experience building alternative forms of this communication device in a previous profession), [[x8]] could feel how close the Objective was.  It had been moving towards this destination, and then had stopped somewhere approximately 1700 standard human distance units (meters) from their present location.  [[Jeff]] knew that their location was a place where humans took in energy and nutrients through their primitive orifices.  A restaurant, they called it.  [[Jeff]] also knew that those types of activities usually took between 1800 and 5400 standard human time units (seconds).  [[Jeff]]'s mind also suggested that this time was usually measured in units of 60 seconds, called minutes. 30 to 90 minutes. [[x8]] was not accustomed to using such terminology, but the conversions were trivial enough that it did not matter.

As the various cables and wires were removed from their sockets, the lighting indicating that the machine was operational faded out until off.  [[x8]] knew through [[Jeff]] that this would trigger it's own set of effects: the machine being out would be noticed, and attempts to repair it would be underway shortly thereafter.  However, this was much more preferable to what it analyzed could become the case if this communication system was left unperturbed. Pull

Next it would find the various centers used for harnessing the electricity within the dwelling. It was one of the larger formations [[x8]] had personally interacted with since arriving. It was much larger than a typical human dwelling, and expanded horizontally outward in unpredictable shape, as opposed to the many vertical expansions [[x8]] had previously seen in countless different configurations.  A mall, [[Jeff]] called it. It served various purposes that were ancillary to daily human life, whether it be consumption of resources, clothing, and many other services such as grooming and beautification.  The mating practices of most species in the galaxy seemed to garner distinct attention from [[The Principle]].  So many were so unique and diverse, [[x8]] could not find it within itself to mock or ridicule the specific complexities of the human variant.

Using [[Jeff]]s knowledge of human electric wiring, [[x8]] was able to extend it's feelers along one of the wires and create a primitive diagram of the main circuit breakers throughout the building.  There were seven of them, in total, however the specific wiring told [[x8]] that disabling three of them would essentially render the entire system inoperable, until a human with the proper expertise could come and diagnose the problem and fix it.  All of this, according to [[Jeff]], would take hours.  It would sow confusion within the building, as all the main lighting would go out, and only leave very basic emergency lighting to allow for humans stuck inside in such a scenario to find the nearest exists.  Pull.

As it mapped out an order of attack for the power outage, [[x8]] delighted in the knowledge that this would finally be it. It was leaving nothing to stochastic uncertainty, this time. It controlled all the variables. The Objective would not escape it's grasp, this time.

---

[[Pixel Paradise]] was nothing to write home about, but [[MC]] had had plenty of fun in the arcade over the years. It had all the classics like [[Pac-Man]] and [[Galaga]] in a classics section, and a solid row of half a dozen pinball machines along one of the back walls.  All the more modern games, which had elaborate schemes for taking in a marginally higher amount of money than the equivalent number of tickets it put out, were spread out in a seemingly random pattern in the middle.  [[MC]] had long outgrew those.  He liked fighting games the most, and there was a really nice [[Marvel vs Capcom 2]] cab, as well as a seemingly ancient [[Mortal Kombat 4]] one as well.  Yeah, they were old at this point, but its the ones he had the most fun playing.

Everyone had had a great time at the meal.  [[Rod]] and [[Rubin]] sat next to each other and, outside of the awkward first 3 or 4 minutes of figuring out the menu and ordering drinks, had gotten to be fast friends.  All it took was [[Rubin]] making one dumb joke about the specific language used to describe one of the various steaks ([[MC]] forgot which one. He wasn't really into steak, he mostly just stuck to tendies and burgers).

[[MC]] himself sat between [[George]] and [[LI]].  Aside from a few awkward moments of little overlap, the three of them did their best to be inclusive in their conversations about this or that esoteric subject.  [[MC]] and [[LI]] were able to look at each other every time [[George]] started to try to turn the conversation towards one of his sick Decks he was building, while [[George]] and [[MC]] did their best to explain to [[LI]] all of the inside jokes and interesting things they knew about [[Rubin]] from all their times at the shop.  It wasn't until much after that [[MC]] realized he never asked [[LI]] why he had never seen her there.  In retrospect, certain things had been obvious.

#### [[Progress]] End Day 28: 1500 words

---
#### [[Progress]] Begin Day 29

He had just gotten done trouncing [[George]] with his patented team of [[Spidey]]/[[Silver Samurai]]/[[Jill Valentine]] for the third time in a row.  [[LI]] was playing [[Ski-Ball]] against [[George]]s dad.  [[Rubin]] and [[Rod]] were near the pinball tables but not playing, just standing around one of those high tables where you're just supposed to put your drinks on, and stand next to, no chairs allowed.  He was having lots of fun after a really unexpectedly fun day off of school.  Out of the corner of his eye, in the distance he could see the entrance into the mall proper, and noticed that the lights seemed to go out in the hall.  Weird.  Someone must've pressed the wrong button.

The arcade must be on a different circuit, he figured, because the games stayed on.  [[Rod]] and [[Rubin]] had noticed, too, and started heading towards the entrance to see what was going on.  [[LI]] also seemed to stop mid-throw and frown at the entrance and what had just happened.  She went over to [[Rubin]] and they seemed to exchange a quick word, she then nodded and then came over to [[MC]] and [[George]].  "Hey guys...I think we should get going."

"Why? What's the big deal?" asked [[MC]].  He didn't understand the urgency, I mean, clearly it was weird but everything was fine. These things happened. "Um, I'll explain on the way, its kind of complicated, but we really have to go, like, now.  Can we? Please?" It was a little unfair the way she did that, like she didn't know how pretty she was and the effect that could have one someone. [[MC]] had tried his best to not let that affect how he talked to her, but he realized it was becoming more and more of an issue. Similar things had happened at dinner, and then before while playing the game, and even yesterday morning in class.  Anyway, she didn't need to know all that, but there was no way he was saying no.

"Hmm alright. Lets go, [[George]]."  But [[George]] didn't seem to want to go.  "Uh I think I'm gonna hang out here with my dad a bit longer, we don't really get to do these things too often."   Before [[MC]] could even say anything, [[LI]] grabbed his hand and said "Okay, see you guys later...be safe." and started to drag [[MC]] quickly towards the door.  It was all [[MC]] could do to not trip, or think about how good it felt to hold her hand.  His other hand let go of the quarters in his pocket and instinctively grasped his [[Talisman]], as well.  They passed [[Rubin]] on the way out, who had a face on that [[MC]] had never seen before.  It was....angry? No.  More like...determined.  He looked at the two of them, and nodded again to [[LI]].  "I'll inhabit the older one. Remember the training, don't panic, we can stop this."

What on Earth was he talking about? He didn't even really acknowledge [[MC]] at all, that had all been for [[LI]]s benefit, seemingly.  As they reached the mall entrance, they reunited with uncle [[Rod]], who was seemingly trying to follow one of the circuits up the wall that had lost power.  "Seems like the whole thing is fried. We are gonna need to find mall security and let them know, they'll have a guy they call when stuff like this happens." He was always interested in fixing the problems he saw, no matter how big or small.  He didn't seem to be acting as weirdly as [[LI]] or [[Rubin]], so whatever was going on, he wasn't in on it.

Then the power in the arcade went off, as well. All that was left was the orange glow of the various Exit signs.  "[[Rod]]..? We've gotta....go. Things are about to get a bit weird." said [[LI]].  "Take this...." and she pulled out what looked like one of the largest handguns [[MC]] had ever seen. It wasn't one of those more modern ones like police used, it looked more like one of those revolvers that you see people like [[Clint Eastwood]] use. Yeah, that was it, a 44 Magnum, they were called? [[MC]] had no idea what that stuff meant, but he was good at remembering facts like that.

This seemed to have the same strange effect on [[Rod]] as what he had just seen happen to [[LI]] and [[Rubin]]. His face changed from relatively jovial to...resigned? And then yeah, determined. "Ah, I see. Alright. Let's do it." he said.  Before [[MC]] could interject and match what he wanted to say with what he was thinking, [[LI]] added "I'll also need your....badge?". What was she talking about? [[Rod]] nodded and pulled out his wallet, and out came his....Houston Center keycard? What he used to get in the building at work.  He handed it to [[LI]].  "So what is it in this orientation?" he asked nonsensically.  "Sine waves around 3 KHz." she answered.  "What's the desiderata?" she asked back? "He's got it in his pocket. It's from his aunt."

He could at least discern what that meant in literal terms.  [[Rod]] let out a low whistle, then looked at the gun. "So what's this for?" [[LI]] gave him another weird look. It looked slightly apologetic.  [[Rod]] nodded again, seemingly understanding.  "Alright, I got it."

[[MC]] had to say something at this point.  "So uh....yeah...what?" he felt like he was taking everything in stride, doing his best not to be annoying or a burden. As they walked away from the arcade, towards the 8-screen movie theater across the hall and 2 stores down, [[LI]] seemed to be thinking of what to say.  "Don't worry about it too much, but we're in danger right now." she said.  "Things are gonna get kind of weird, but just trust everything she says, alright?" [[Rod]] added nearly simultaneously, putting his firm hand on my shoulder while holding the gun in the other.

"Hmm...alright." It didn't make sense, but there didn't seem to be much use asking more questions about it right now.  In the dim light there were a few people moving around, seemingly trying to find the exit or someone who could fix the situation with the lights. A decent crowd had congregated around the movie theater entrance as they arrived.  Suddenly, all of those metal gates that bar up the stores at closing time, came down with a forceful SNAP. Every single one everyone could see, all at once.  Ominous.  [[MC]] couldn't help shake the feeling similarity to what happens when there's a prison riot in movies.  As he thought about what shit could possibly be about to go down, he got his answer.

A bright flash and an earthshatteringly loud crash happened behind them.  The gate that had closed on the arcade now had a large dent in it, facing outward, as if something (or someone) was forced into it from the inside. It would have had to have been thrown into it at otherworldly strength.  As everyone looked to see what was going on, a gradual brightening of the area happened again, seemingly what had caused the flash the first time, followed by another (really, it was so ridiculously loud) incredible BANG.  This time, the fence crashed outward, sliding into the middle of the large mall hallway, with something imperceptible on top of it. It was large and dark. Could it be...a person? The light was too dim. In addition to that, it felt weird just trying to look at it, like whatever was on that fence didn't want you to look at it.

But that darkness stood up, and he could see that it was a man. But...something was....crawling on him? Or perhaps more like it was stuck to his back. Not just the anatomical back, but like the entire back half of his body, under the clothes, but you could tell because it kind of oozed out of the sleeves and out of the neck area.  It was the darkest black [[MC]] had ever seen, maybe the dim emergency lighting was contributing to it, but something about it made it seem like that wasn't the case.

The man thing stood up and then the darkness spread over his arms and down his hands and then....extended them. It was like his body was suddenly very pliable, like one of those stretchy toy hands you get out of a quarter machine.  But instead of being silly...these extended out and out...maybe six or seven feet, and then formed giant spikes.  Or I suppose more like spears. (What was the difference there, anyway?) Combined with the surrounding situation and the way the man-thing stared at the arcade entrance it was just forcibly blasted out of, you could tell there was nothing but malicious intent behind those skewers.

[[MC]] followed the man-thing's gaze toward the entrance and....it was...[[George]]s dad?  He stood there, facing the man-thing, like he had no fear of it at all.  The man-thing began walking slowly towards him, with it's spike-arms clearly ready to do some harm.  As it did so, everyone noticed that in the corner of the large exit/entrance to the arcade, someone was desperately trying to crawl out, seemingly making their best attempt at being discrete. But...it wasn't working.  As they got up and began to run away, [[MC]] saw that it was [[George]]. He was terrified out of his mind and screaming at this point as he got up and knew he was noticed.  The man-thing focused it's gaze on him, and in seemingly the blink of an eye, cut off his escape path (towards the movie theater crowd).

From [[MC]]s vantage point all he could see was the two spikes suddenly protruding from different parts of [[George]]s chest, as the man-thing lifted him up in the air, impossibly high, and then rent him in two like....well he wasn't sure like what. It was incomparable. But he had never seen that happen to a person, either in fiction or real life.  That was his friend and now...it wasn't.  As the shock set in, the light flashed again and this time [[MC]] saw that it was coming from [[George]]s dad. He had his hands concentrated together in front of his body like he was channeling something, and a burst of what could only be called pure golden energy flashed out in a ray of light directly at the man-thing.  It hit it squarely on the side, sending it flying in an arc, careening into the gate closing the store across the hallway #edit (wtf is the middle part of a mall called? throughway?) from the arcade, a store full of stuff seemingly for tween girls, where you could get your ears pierced by appointment.

It fell to the floor in the normal way you'd expect a human to fall, however it seemed generally unfazed about it, in the way you would absolutely not expect.  The spikes had retracted, or it's arms had gone back to relative normal for now, and it got up and began turning towards the movie theater, straight for [[MC]], seemingly completely ignoring that it had just been hurled across time and space by an honest-to-goodness laser blast.

At this point, complete mayhem really broke loose.  Most of the crowd, having just witnessed such a horribly incomprehensible thing, began to scream and run in all directions trying to find the quickest way out and away from whatever the hell was happening.  [[LI]] gripped [[MC]]s hand even harder and said "Come on. Time to go." and they headed further away from the man-thing.  As he looked back, he saw that [[George]]s dad was now between them and the man-thing, and had gone up and grappled it directly.  It was the weirdest thing, though.  This wasn't the energy of a father who had just watched his son get torn in half, if anything he kind of matched the man-thing's detached energy.  As the two swirled and fought each other for control, [[MC]] saw that something weird was also on [[George]]s dad's body as well. It wasn't that darker-than-black color, either, but more like a dark golden color, very close to the color of the laser he had just seen.

They came upon the food court.  There were people still sitting down to eat, even though it was obvious that they were doing it in the relative dark, after hearing all the craziness that was happening just down the hall. Only in America, I guess.
A food court usually meant there was an exit, too.  This one definitely had one, [[MC]] remembered.  But by the time it was in line of sight, the problem was clearly visible. It also had one of those gates that had come down.  There were people desperately trying to lift it up to no avail.  This may as well have been a dead end.  From memory, the only other exit [[MC]] could remember was through the [[Sears]] nearby, which, of course, also had a gate down.

"Looks like we're gonna have to make a stand." he heard [[Rod]] say to [[LI]]. Or at least, he thought he did. Things were getting really weird. Was this a dream? Had his friend really just been torn to bits right in front of him? Why didn't his dad seem to care? Why didn't *anyone* seem to care in a way that he would consider appropriate? [[Rod]] jumped up on one of the food court tables and yelled "Listen Up! There is some unholy hell headed straight for us. I can't promise that we'll be able to stop it. It's like nothing you've ever seen or could even imagine. But, I do know one thing. This here, is Texas.  And if I know my fellow Texans, I know some of y'all are packin'."  He lifted up the comically large revolver that [[LI]] had handed him.  "Whos with me!?" A couple of people raised their hands, some others raised their actual concealed carrys, and [[MC]] thought he even heard a "Yeehaw!!" or two.  Madness.

He was still processing this unreal moment when the next unreal moment came.  A vending machine, one of the regular one with the giant mural of the ice cold [[Coca-Cola]] bottle on the front, came out from the darkness, like a silent meteor, impossibly fast, from the direction they had come.  It slammed straight into a crowed of 5 or 6 people who were only a few feet away from where [[MC]] and [[LI]] were standing watching [[Rod]].  There now ceased to be those 5 or 6 people.  Like [[George]], they were just...gone. There wasn't even a sliver of a chance any of them had survived.

If it had been madness before, this definitely dialed it up to 11.  As [[LI]] and [[MC]] ran in the opposite direction of where the vending machine had come from, they could see various people who were now taking chairs, cash registers, anything they could and attempting to break open the gate barring the exit with whatever had even a slim chance of being robust enough.  [[Rod]] seemed to be organizing a crowd of about 8 or 9 men, majority wearing cowboy hats or leather jackets, into a firing line of sorts.  [[MC]] wasn't even sure [[Rod]] knew how to operate a gun. It never really came up, but he had the feeling [[Rod]] didn't even own one.  More mysteries to be figured out at another time.

As [[MC]] thought about what would happen next, or if guns were even going to enough to stop that man-thing, he saw a blur hurtling high above them and watched it crash into a [[Burger King]] sign and flop to the floor, inside of the food court kiosk, hidden from view behind the counter. #edit (could be better worded, you mean it fell behind the counter, out of view).  For some reason, [[LI]] said "Come on!" and headed *towards* whatever had just landed at [[Burger King]].  "What? Why? What if its the man-thing?" he realized too late that that was just the term he was calling it in his head, and not necessarily something that would be understood by a different human brain.  Thankfully, she seemed to understand. "It's not, just come on."

As they reached the counter, [[LI]] did one of those cool jump-slide things you see people do in movies and smoothly landed feet first on the other side of the BK.  She had let go of [[MC]]s hand temporarily and ran ahead of him to accomplish this.  [[MC]] tried to follow her lead, realized what he was doing while in mid air and regretted it, and sort of tumble-slid over the counter and landed completely prone onto the tile floor.  There, also lying on the floor with [[LI]] next to him, was [[George]]s father.  He was, needless to say, not in good shape.  He had countless scratches and bruises all over his body, several wide open gashes across the front of his chest and arms, and it seemed like his left leg was broken judging by the angle at which it hung loosely from the knee.  He was whispering something, barely mouthing it, to [[LI]].  [[MC]] came closer to listen as well:

"...managed to deHost it.  It is still very dangerous, but will expend much more energy now....this body...is no longer suitable, it will expire. I am sorry.   I will need Rest soon. But first...if you wish it....I can help you open the gate. Do I have your permission?" [[LI]] nodded.  

It was then that [[MC]] noticed that golden stuff that had been on his back, was still present. However, at [[LI]] nodding, seemed to begin to...move. On it's own, away from the body that had been [[George]]'s dad.  It was like...melted gold, in a consistency not quite solid but not quite liquid, either. Like pooled spray paint, metallic yellow.  [[MC]] watched as it seemed to collect itself on the floor for a minute, between the now lifeless body of the man, and [[LI]] herself.  Then, after a brief moment, it began to move towards [[LI]].  It made it's way to her feet and knee where she was crouched down, and began to climb up her body. Once it made it's way to her waist, it collected itself and flattened out around her back, with a thin line of it seeming to go up her neck and disappear under [[LI]]s medium-length black hair.

She looked at [[MC]] and he saw her eyes suddenly go very wide, and her body sort of stiffen, as if something was making her involuntarily freeze.  "Wow.." was all he heard her say.  She then seemed to take inventory of her body, as if it was her first time seeing it.  "Incredible. Thank you for this." he heard her mutter.  Was it her? Or was it...that thing? He didn't have much time to ruminate over it, or even ask her those questions. "Wait here." he heard her say. "I'm going to go open the gate and I'll be right back to get you. We are getting out of here."  [[MC]] noticed himself nod.

She vaulted over the counter using one hand and an impressive well timed leap, and she disappeared around the corner.  Momentarily, the craziness and din of what was going on around them seemed to have muted itself, but once she was gone it came back full force.  [[MC]] could hear gunfire. Loud, too loud for something to be used indoors on purpose. The mall seemed to amplify everything with cavernous echoes, perhaps as it was not intended to ever house such noise.  He brought himself up to a crouch and peered over the counter.

He saw all the men who had raised their hands as having a firearm, in formation of two staggered rows of 4-5, seemingly alternating firing at.....well it certainly wasn't a man thing anymore.  This was just thing.  A shroud of that darker-than-black, shaped into something vaguely human, but also not. It had something that could be called a head, but didn't really have a face. And the limb proportions were slightly off, like the legs were too long and the arms too short, but it did have two of each.  It was taking the directed fire of all those men, [[MC]] saw [[Rod]] among them, firing away with the Magnum, the recoil making his arms come up more than some of the other guys with each shot, but he clearly knew what he was doing.  The thing was taking direct fire from all of them, and definitely taking direct hits from the various caliber bullets.  But somehow, when they made contact with it's body, or whatever it was, they seemed to just get harmlessly absorbed into the black thing.

[[MC]] had been so focused on the guys firing at it, that he hadn't noticed the thing now had four "arms", in addition to its two legs.  The two arms on each side met to form a sort of triangle, from which a single extension of the arm widened and turned into what [[MC]] could only think of describing as a Broadsword.  A giant, unholy, inhuman thing.  Like Guts' sword from [[Berserk]]. Maybe even bigger. And it had two of them.  No human could have lifted either one, let alone swung it.  This thing, however, harmlessly walked into the barrage, until it was basically within striking distance of the men.  It twisted it's body, unnaturally, more than an entire rotation along the waist.  It held both of the broadsword-arms out perpendicular to itself, and spun with inhuman speed while continuing to walk towards the line of shooters.

[[MC]] couldn't even really recall, afterwards, exactly the order of events.  He remembered he was running. Running towards Uncle [[Rod]], or running towards what he had seen the thing turn him into.  He didn't remember going over the counter, nor did he remember taking the pendant out of his pocket. #edit (pocket or necklace?).  He just knew he had to get to Uncle [[Rod]]. He had to make sure he was okay. He had to see him one more time. Even though, deep down, he knew he would never see him alive again.  He remembered thinking he had seen [[Rod]] look at him at the last minute, and smile at him before it....happened.  Then, everything went black.

---

[[x8]] heard what it had come to know where police sirens, in the distance. It was now some several blocks away from the mall, having exited by reShaping and going through one of the gates that had locked all the humans in the mall during it's 

There would be no more Pulls.  The Objective resided safely within itself.  It used the rare technique bestowed upon it by [[The Principle]] to be able to keep objects within itself, without having any harm or damage come to it, while also not absorbing any of it for resources.  The last Pull had been so strong it had knocked away the pitiful adolescent holding it, without relishing in it's pain, without issuing the extra torment it had in mind for making it go through so much trouble in getting it's Objective.

The [[FalseBreed]] had almost ruined everything.  It was not expecting to encounter one in this mission. Neither the [[Lexicon]] nor any of it's preliminary reports mentioned that they could even possibly be in this area of the galaxy.  It likely meant that there were spies in the organizational chain, and they had intercepted the details of [[x8]]s mission to this unremarkable, rudimentary planet and species thereon.

But no matter. It would find shelter in one of these human houses, preferably an abandoned one. Or kill any humans inside without arousing suspicion. Then it would Rest. Then, upon awakening, it would begin to formulate how to Return.



##### Notes
- Mention good symbiote
- Mention not killing 
- Having objective
- Going to space station
---
