A screaming traces across the sky. [[x8]] is uncertain. It scouts the terrain. It is uneven. There are various inorganic constructions scattered about. The clustering is not symmetrical in the slightest. [[x8]] feels anger at this. The riches of this planet absolutely squandered on these primitive beings.  It feels a calling. It reaches out.

[[x8]] can feel it drawing closer. It knows the way broadly, but not specifically. The Pull is designed to become stronger the closer one reaches it's goal, as a proven feedback mechanism enacted since the beginnings of the universe. Pull.  It veers slightly left.

The atmosphere of this planet is not noteworthy. [[x8]] has been designed to survive in the most galactic extremes, well into the multiple standard deviations on either side of the average planetary mass temperature in this galaxy. A unsightly moon, lazily affecting the liquid that covered 3/4 of the oblate spheroid. A mediocre sun which is currently eclipsed by the planet below.  Even earlier when in direct visibility, [[x8]] could barely feel it's rays, yet absorbed them all the same. They will likely be useful very soon. Pull.

The duration between them has lessened significantly.  From the barely sensed tingle that emanated while approaching the star system, it's intensity has also logarithmically risen in accord with the shortening in-betweens. Pull. It will not be long now. #edit 

[[x8]] releases part of itself and begins to Shape. Dual rudimentary concave perturbances escape out of its Whole, as if stretching out to reach for something. In it's many travels and conquests [[x8]] has seen The Principle form into this shape, to help various beings.  The basic form is designed to manipulate aerodynamic forces.  On this planet, it's Lexicon denotes that they are primarily called wings. #edit  As they grow they slowly fill up with the atmospheric makeup of this planet near this surface. Mostly nitrogen, some oxygen. Moderately uncommon, yet standard fare for a star system of this age.  Pull.

The resistance begins to build.  [[x8]] begins to need to exert energy to maintain the shape of the airfoils. #edit No matter, it is a triviality at this point. It will use much more energy shortly.  The primitive dwellings begin to become more concentrated under the entity as it slows.  Pull. It veers slightly to the southeast. It can Feel various things in the distance using it's elemental sense. A large body of water. Heavily polluted with salts. [[x8]] has a distant sense that it would not want to be in that for very long, even if the corrosiveness of the makeup of this particular liquid would not be noteworthy, as long as the immersion is short. It knows that it would feel unpleasant, and just as the Principle, it works to avoid unpleasantness. Pull.

It opens it's senses wider. It is harder to avoid sensing the other beings that have been nurtured here by The Principle, still too primitive and pathetic even to mention in it's Report once it's job here is done. The main beings, these humans, feel the worst. If it had olfactory organs, as The Principle directs on many worlds, it knows it would not like the smell of humans. It's various other senses dictated by The Principle combine to paint that clearly enough in it's consciousness. Little more than sacks of meat and fluid, that can barely reconstitute themselves if torn or rent. [[x8]] almost pities them, in a way.

It finds an open clearing and touches down with graceful imperceptive. Pull. It widens it's other senses, the ones made for terrain and surface, useless while in descent. It's natural Shape flows outward in all directions on the makeshift perfect elongated cylinders it used to steady it's landing. Imperceptible tendrils seep into the organic matter. Verdant #edit flora giving way to sediment and rock. It could feel the temperature increasing as it delved, but that was not of interest further than confirming that tectonic activity was minimal. 

It focused on the various creations set forth by The Principle. From a distance, using it's gifts, #edit it was able to identify and taxonomize the various types. Organs, number of legs, inner or outer vertebra. The diverseness was moderately impressive, however none stood out in particular. Perhaps, given other circumstances, two or three might even have become dominant instead of the humans, but that was not for [[x8]] to ponder, as it veered dangerously close to questioning The Principle. Pull.

With that last one, it is clear that *it* #edit is very close. It must focus. This is a routine mission, however it knows that it is specifically these and not the more extreme ones that pose the most danger. Complacency is a disease like any other that The Principle has deemed worthy of replication. And thus, it begins to feed.

Slowly and then more hurriedly, the tendrils begin to extract the useful compounds from everything in [[x8]]s immediate vicinity.  The primitive beings it had scanned previously, serving no further purpose for it after inspection and classification, succumbed to its prowess. Most felt nothing, as in an instant they existed, and then ceased to in the previous form, giving way to the tendrils overwhelming extractive force, leaving behind little but trace detritus .  

The various things with six limbs and exoskeletons heavily outnumbered all the other things it was absorbing. But there were also more primitive mammals. Sightless bottom dwellers and burrowers, with malformed sensemakers and orifices. Soon, however, it found something most unexpected. A bundle of mycelium, most delectable, gave way and extended, far out through its interconnected network, much further than [[x8]] could have possibly reached on its own. It was able to take it All. It was satiated and then some. It consumed them completely, then focused on what little there was left in the sediment itself, and then finally, from the green fauna on the surface.  Rarely has it been permitted to feast in this way. Pull.

The brief ecstasy interrupted, it redoubled it's focused on the mission and remembered why it was here. It considered for a moment its shape. Most of its recent Forms certainly would not do, and would attract unwanted attention. While it quickly scanned through all it had absorbed looking for a suitable Host, #edit it sensed something moving nearby. It turned it's shape towards it and focused it's senses. Another primitive. It searched it's archives #edit  until a match appeared in its' mind.  A fox, it was called.  [[x8]] considered briefly whether it should absorb it's nutrients as well. This one was larger, and therefore it's tendrils could not intake it as they had just finished during the initial feast.  But no. It had done enough of that. This one would be for it, and it alone.

[[x8]] re-Shaped, giving itself what could be considered limbs for the first time since it's subdued #edit (synonym for quiet) arrival.  It approached the creature, which now seemed to realize that it was being observed in kind. Odd, what the Principle decides is to be near universal and what is not. The sense of being noticed was one of the most ubiquitous.  This time the Pull came and it was ready, and ignored it. This moment belonged to it and it alone, not the Objective.

As directed by it's personal gifts given by The Principle, the number of limbs it chose to form matched that of what it had just absorbed the most of. Six. Six limbs extending out of a dark, unfocused mass that ebbed and flowed, solid yet emanating the feeling for anyone unfortunate enough to observe it, that not all is as it seems, and that it should look away as quickly as possible.  This fox seemed to be resisting this message, despite it's better judgment.

[[x8]] then began to take it's own Self into consideration. It began to do what it enjoyed. Two of the limbs began to elongate further and further, until they ended on razor sharp points, that seemed to gleam in the darkness despite being so opaque and dark themselves. The Principle was very generous to [[x8]]. It would not waste these gifts.

The fox's defiance gave way to paralyzing fear as it realized, as had every other creature ever to gaze upon [[x8]], that it's time was up. That this would be the end. [[x8]] could sense that signals were being sent to the fox's central nervous system to attempt an escape. But they were eliminated just before being able to impact anything whatsoever.  As the limb pierced its body, and [[x8]] raised its impaled prey up into the air, savoring the moment, the paralyzation gave way to the common acceptance The Principle had bestowed upon so many beings.  The other limb made quick work of the rest of it, rending it into so many pieces as the blood and viscera sprayed outward in interesting patterns. Onto the ground and onto [[x8]]s Self. This is what gave it the most pleasure. It silently thanked The Principle for this moment, and left the remains of the fox there, unabsorbed.

The next Pull shook [[x8]] out of its temporary reverie, and the focus returned. It was time. It re-Shaped the crimson-black limbs that aided in its delight back to resemble the other four, and dropped low to the ground. Any sentient observer would have a difficult time perceiving it's Shape in this form. It considered for a minute, before realizing the best course of action would likely be to Rest. The nutrients it absorbed would benefit from Reconstitution, and that required long amounts of remaining still as possible, and entering the version of Rest that The Principle bestowed upon [[x8]].  Not only that, but it could slip into it's Self and turn off its senses, to relive some of its favorite ecstatic moments of its existence, of which one was very recently added to it's robust collection. 

It headed for the nearest inorganic construction nearby. What it had learned on its flight was a human dwelling.  These primitives did not have it's gifts, and therefore required the majority of their existence to be aided by resistance to the elements. Briefly, it considered why The Principle would create beings so dependent on things outside itself to survive, but the next Pull reminded it that such things should not be questioned.

It approached and found the most sensible opening. It was near to the ground, just like it's current Form, and it did not have to amend it's Shape much to reform into something that could easily fit through this opening. As [[x8]] wondered if the humans could be so primitive and backward as to create an opening so ill-suited for their size and inability to Shape, it's archives landed upon one of the symbiotic species the humans had enslaved into doing their bidding. A dog, it was called. The opening must be for a -- #edit (interruption, find better way to visualize than just dashes)

A sound several orders of magnitude louder than [[x8]] had heard since it's arrival reached one of it's senses.  Followed quickly by another. And another. A staccato of vibrations emanating from a few feet away, too low to the ground to be a human. The user of the door had discovered It before the reverse could happen. Rare, but not uncommon. 

The dog was much larger than the fox, easily three to four times it's general volume. On most of the near innumerable planets [[x8]] was aware of, this being could be considered formidable on a significant amount. It charged at [[x8]], baring it's teeth and as it drew close it leaped, mouth open, and sank it's jaws into what was currently the top of it's Shape.  Pull.

The dog immediately yelped and retreated, it's sharpest teeth which touched [[x8]]'s Shape as it hardened against the attack, were now in various pieces, some still in its mouth partially shattered, some strewn across the floor, and some parts even being absorbed slowly into [[x8]] itself. It whimpered pathetically, not fully understanding what had happened, at volumes similar to it's original declaration, however much higher pitched, clearly linked to distress and confusion. #edit (kinda long sentence, edit)

There was little point in continuing this further. [[x8]] had already made up it's mind that it was going to Rest, and this was an unexpected nuisance keeping it from it's Memories #edit (find better, more alien cerebral word). Perhaps it could add one more to them.  The sharp limbs, effective and ruthless in their previous encounter, returned in an instant and made their way swiftly, spanning several lengths of [[x8]]'s current Shape, to impale, rend, and reconstitute what was once a dog into something much more pleasurable and useful to It.

The Pull interrupted what would have been an exquisite addition to it's collection. It extricated the soiled limbs and reconstituted them back into it's Self to prepare. It was time to Rest. It needed to find a place where it could remain undisturbed for some time. This would also help calibrate it's timesense, which could acclimate to almost any rotating celestial object, to better align itself with it's current location and Objective.  

It began to investigate the dwelling further, when it heard a noise from above. Likely the humans of this dwelling coming to investigate what was causing the vibrations. [[x8]] was beginning to get annoyed. However, it realized that perhaps it was time to take advantage of one of it's other gifts. As it headed up the staircase it began to prepare its Shape for full transformation...






